formula step :: update doc (escaping column names with whitespaces) (#463)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: docs/_docs/tech/steps.md

### `formula` step

Add a computation based on a formula. Usually column names do not need to be

> escaped, unless they include whitespaces, in such a case you need to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
escaped, unless they include white-spaces, in such a case you need to use
```

> brackets '[]' (e.g. \[myColumn]). Any characters string escaped with quotes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brackets '[]' (e.g. `[myColumn]`). Any characters string escaped with quotes
```

Author: @davinov I think I need to escape the first '[' in markdown to avoid the pattern being considered as a link (my linter reminded me about this :))

Author: Also, the markdown seems fine when I preview it in my editor. Tell me if I miss something

Reviewer: Yes, it's more to display it in a code block like this: `[myColumn]`
Not a big deal though

}
```

> #### Example 1

Reviewer: Not a big fan of numerating examples, better create a `#### Examples` section and give a meaningful title to each, like
`##### Basic usage` and 
`##### Column names with white-spaces`

Author: Ok to name the examples but I will stick to the enumeration to remain homogeneous with the other docs pages. So I will write: `Example 1: Basic usage`
If it's something we really want to change consistently, we should do that in a dedicated PR

Reviewer: Not a big deal ;)
